Fix the examples in "Configure a UI component" for Private Content devdoc (#9115)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/cache/page-caching/private-content.md

## Configure a UI component {#config-cache-priv-how-ui}

> The UI component renders block data on the Magento [storefront](https://glossary.magento.com/storefront). To initialize the UI component, you need to trigger the parent initialization method by calling `_super()` and define a property to store customer data. Please note, `customerData.get()` method returns a [Knockout's observable](https://glossary.magento.com/ui-component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI component renders block data on the [storefront](https://glossary.magento.com/storefront). To initialize the UI component, you must trigger the parent initialization method by calling the `_super()` method and defining a property to store customer data. The `customerData.get()` method returns a [Knockout's observable](https://glossary.magento.com/ui-component).
```

```javascript
initialize: function () {
    this._super();
    this.compareProducts = customerData.get('compare-products');
}
```

[Example]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Catalog/view/frontend/web/js/view/compare-products.js#L32-L33){:target="_blank"}

> All properties are available in the template where the IU component initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All properties are available in the template where the UI component initialized.
```
